Pooh
Adult  Male  Large  Brown Tabby
Hey, my name is Pooh and I am a big sweet guy. I may be a bit older, but I am friendly, affectionate and I would make a great buddy. I enjoy being pet and brushed and will voice my appreciation with a big purr. I am a love bug and would love to keep someone company most of the day. Once I am comfortable in my new home, I would like to cuddle with my new family on the couch. If I sound like I might be the sidekick you are looking for, come by to visit with me.

Mulan 
Young  Female  Small   Brown Tabby
Hey, my name is Mulan and I am a beautiful girl. I was a good mama in my foster home, raising my kittens and now would prefer to be to be the princess of my own castle. I would thrive in a home as the only pet because I have plenty of love to give. I am a friendly, affectionate sweetheart, and I would make a good buddy. I am looking forward to climbing a cat tree and lying in a sunny window in my new home. Once I am comfortable, I will want to spend time cuddling with you. I would love to keep you company during the day.

Burger
Young  Male  Medium  Gray and White
I am an animal that was not claimed by my owner. I am now available for adoption.
Annie aka Refrigerator Cat
Adult  Female  Medium  Black & White / Tuxedo
Annie is an 8 year old spayed female black and white domestic short haired cat. She is friendly, affectionate, gentle and loving after she knows you. She was taken from a lady who died, and being a shy cat, took 2 months to stop hissing at anyone in her new environment. She is for the experienced cat owner, who has the patience to allow her to come out of her shell in her own time. She is worth it, as she is a good cat after she's comfortable with you. She likes to sit on top of a refrigerator and observe the world. She was well cared for in her previous home and has no known health issues.

Oreo
Adult  Male  Large  Black & White / Tuxedo
Oreo is a 7 year old neutered male domestic short hair cat. Oreo is owner surrendered and somewhat independent. He is his own cat and not easily enticed to come to you. He is recommended to be placed with experienced cat owners and no small children. To adopt Oreo, call 347-244-2477.

Maily
Adult  Female  Medium  Gray & White
Maily is a 10 year old female gray and white spayed female cat. She was originally picked up as a stray. She is a very pretty cat. She is calm, relaxed and friendly. She likes to sit on your lap to be cuddled, but sometimes likes to get down and go exploring. She solicits attention and likes to rub against you. She plays gently with toys. She is suitable for a "beginner" home that has not had a cat before.

Joshua
Adult  Male  Large  Tabby (Brown / Chocolate), Brown / Chocolate, Black
Joshua is a Brown, black and white tiger striped neutered male cat, about ten years old. He came with a cat named Rachel, whom we believe is his litter mate and sister. He is a friendly, outgoing cat, who likes to talk. His sister is a little more reserved. In a large shelter, he was neutral, but allowed petting and being picked up. In a quieter setting, he is quite friendly and interactive. He has made good progress on becoming a trimmer cat. He was rated overweight, but now is a healthy weight. Sine these two cats know each other (and also know Michelle, from the same home), they might be a good choice for someone wanting to adopt two cats together. Joshua, Rachel, Michelle.

Jack
Kitten  Male  Medium  Tabby (Buff / Tan / Fawn)
Did you ever see a cat whose face looks almost human-like? That’s Jack! This 1 year, 7-pound (as of 10/1) cutie-pie is a striped silver tabby whose antics will keep you laughing and whose heart will melt your soul. Friendly, frisky, and fun, Jack is super playful with other cats and is friendly toward all humans. Give him a chin scratch or a pet him behind the ears, and he’ll close his eyes, purr like mad, and love every second of it. Some of Jack’s favorite toys include catnip-laced mice, lasers, strings, plastic balls, and feathers. And this guy totally knows how to have a good time! When Jack is in the mood to chill out and relax, he enjoys cuddling…especially while watching TV :-). What a romantic housemate! Jack is fully litter-box trained and keeps his bathroom area clean and tidy. Easy to feed, he’s got a good appetite and he’s a huge fan of cat treats. Nom nom nom!

Oksana & Milla - Bonded Sister
Young  Female  Medium  Gray & White, White, Black & White / Tuxedo
Sweet and Friendly Girls! This gorgeous duo was picked up by a Good Samaritan with their littermates on the streets of Queens when babies. They tried to find them homes but recently came to us for help to find this sweet pair a loving home together. These two are so sweet and gentle. They cuddle together all the time, play together, and watch traffic and birds thru the window together. They love playing like maniacs then to snuggle alongside their foster mom and dad when they are ready to crash. They are good with cats, and should be good good with kids who know how to interact with cats as have a sweet and gentle demeanor.

Target 
Adult  Male  Large  Orange & White, Orange / Red, Tabby (Orange / Red)
Meet Target, the best snuggle buddy you'll ever find. He loves to play with feather toys, catnip toys, and watch Netflix shows with you. He loves to follow you around and will head bump you for attention. Target loves watching cars drive by and people pass by from the window, Target is very social, friendly and super affectionate cat. He will thrive as a solo pet in a loving quiet forever home. He likes people, but not big parties: loud noise scares and stresses him.

Kitten Kato
Kitten  Female  Small  Brown / Chocolate, Tabby (Brown / Chocolate), Tabby (Tiger Striped)
Meet our adorable chubby face approx. 3.5 month old Kato! She is the cutest girl kitten. Playful, and while still a bit shy, once you start petting her, she rolls over and purrs non-stop. Her other favorite activity after playing with toys and purring on foster mom's lap, is playfully chase the resident cat. Therefore she should go to home with another young playful cat, or we can pair her up with one of AdvoCat's kittens. We will not make exception and she will not be adopted to be a solo cat.

Gorgeous Calico Lorelei
Adult  Female  Medium  Black, Calico, Brown / Chocolate
Gorgeous calico Lorelei started her life as a teen mom, and raised 3 beautiful kittens who already have graduated to happy homes, and now it's time for Lorelei to find her perfect match!
Lorelei is a beautiful shadow cat! She is shy and needs a human companion who will understand that she doesn't want to be touched, and who knows how to love her in her own way. She shows her affection at a distance with soft purring meows, sweet blinks, and the occasional head bump of thanks at mealtime. She is a great listener! She loves to play with humans (at a distance), and with other cats, and would be happiest in a home with another young cat to be her companion. Lorelei remains curious about people, despite her fear, and will sit near you in the room, or enjoy a window sill nearby. Sometimes you can sneak a pat in when she's not paying attention, but she spooks the moment she realizes she's enjoying herself. She might issue a single, nervous warning swat in response, but she has only been gentle, and never once used her claws, and has never once attempted to bite. She is so beautiful, and would make a sweet companion for another young cat. She is young too, and may yet learn to like human affection one day, but her forever home will be with someone who loves her for who she is now!

Charisma
Adult  Female  Medium  Black, White
This gorgeous girl is Charisma! Charisma is just over one-year-old and came to us with her babies Ruth and Eve. After spending all of her time taking care of her kitties and being the best mom, she's looking to find a home of her own where she can get all of the attention and love she deserves! Charisma loves everyone she meets and will immediately greet you with head butts and lots of purrs. She's a total mush and will make a great companion for someone looking for a new best friend!

Sebastian
Adult  Male  Medium  Black, White
This good-looking young man is named Sebastian. He arrived to us a short time ago with some of his friends, and now he is on the search for a forever family! Sebastian is a sweet kitty, seeking a loving and gentle home, that will give him the time that he deserves to get cozy with his new family. In return, you can expect a lifetime of love and loyalty! Sebastian originally arrived with his best friend Remy, but when they went off to different foster homes they were both a little down. We reunited them and they are so happy! We promised we wouldn't separate them again, so they are looking for a home together. Their foster parent sent us this little update: "Remy is doing so much better with Sebastian around. Sebastian is definitely the one with a little more confidence, Remy follows him around everywhere. Remy still has shy moments and likes to recharge under the bed occasionally but we've seen him a lot more and he even asks for cuddles in broad daylight!"

Pepper
Young  Female  Medium  Black, White
Meet Pepper! This cute gal has been spending some time in a foster home where her temporary mom has told us that she'd doing great! Initially Pepper was very shy and loved to hide, but she's coming around, joining the family for meals, and enjoying some petting sessions. We think that Pepper would do best in a home that's on the calm side, will older or no children.

Licorice
Adult  Male  Medium  Black
Licorice is just two years old but he's already had such a difficult life. He lived outdoors for a month with a wire tightly wrapped around his abdomen, creating a terrible infected wound. When we heard about this poor boy we knew we had to help and immediately took him in for surgery. Thankfully the wire didn't cause any permanent damage physically, but we know how damaging it must be emotionally. Licorice recently transitioned to a foster home where he can get peace and quiet and have his own space where he feels safe. He's very wary of people, but he has started warming up to a select few. We know that with enough time, love, and patience, Licorice will continue to improve. His new owner will have to be prepared to give him lots of time and space at first, and to let him come around on his own time. He's been through so much and all we want is to know that he'll be safe and loved for the rest of his life.

Bacardi
Adult  Male  Large  Black, White
At just under four-years-old, Bacardi originally came back to Bideawee after being adopted as a kitten. When he first arrived he kept to his kitty bed, scared, confused, and wondering where he was! After being with us for a few weeks he totally came out of his shell and was the friendliest boy who quickly became a staff favorite. Bacardi loves attention and company from his people friends and in some instances can be a bit demanding of it! He typically wants to be by your side, but too much petting can be overstimulating for him so we just let him purr and make biscuits so he doesn't get mouthy. He's a good boy and lets you know when he needs space! Bacardi just went off to a foster home where he's still feeling a little shy but is definitely enjoying the comforts of living in a real home! He's been busy exploring, getting TLC, and loving having tons of space to himself! We can't wait for him to find something permanent!

Alexie
Kitten  Male  Small  Gray & White
Alexie is a 5-month old male kitten. He is a sweet and affectionate kitten with a warm heart. He always likes to groom and comfort younger kittens. On the other hand, he is also very playful. He is fascinated with feather toys and plastic springs. He will be a great companion who can comfort your soul.

Nova
Young  Female  Medium  Tabby (Brown / Chocolate), Tabby (Buff / Tan / Fawn)
Nova may look like a grumpy cat, but she's not! Nova is very happy to be safe and comfy indoors now. Nova was found outdoors with an injured paw and our kind friend got her to the vet immediately. She was treated for an abscess and healed quickly. We found that Nova was quite affectionate, but had never been spayed nor seemed to have an owner.
We tested, vaccinated and spayed her. Nova was such a good girl she even enjoys visiting with our vet and her tech at vet visits.

Benjy
Young  Male  Large  Gray & White
Meet Benjy, a gorgeous 1 ½ year old boy who was adopted as a tiny kitten and returned to the shelter because he wasn’t getting along with the other cat in that household. He’s been well cared for, super sociable and funny, and always ready for a meet and greet! Benjy loves to play with catnip toys, feathered wands and a laser beam that he chases actively through his whole kennel. He’s enthusiastic and gives 100% to all he does, including his love for people. He adores treats, is neutered, litter box trained, healthy and strong. Benjy loves being with people and is an active and energetic feline who will do best with a caring new owner providing lots of stimulation to keep him busy and content. As Benjy prefers the company of humans rather than other animals, he really should be your one and only. Amazing Benjy is waiting to meet you!

Georgy
Young  Female  Medium
2 year old Georgy Girl hasn't had much of a break in life until now. She was taken off a kill list by a group who had no place to foster her. Georgy spent a year going every three weeks between a Pet Smart cage and a cage in someone's garage. I was told about her by a Petsmart employee who was concerned about her fate. Georgy had become so upset that she would scratch anyone who opened her cage. After 2 months with me she has forgiven humans and is ready for someone to love and care for her for the rest of her life. Georgy is fond of cheese (cheddar, smoked gouda etc.) and half and half. Please watch her video and call me (Julia 518-697-9567) if you think you might be her human.

Mama
Adult  Female  Medium  Tortoiseshell
Mama mia, what a little cutie-pie! Mama is a 2-year old, 8-and-a-half-pound tiger-striped stunner who is as affectionate as they come! Mama is super easy-going and gets along well with everyone. Dogs, cats, humans of all shapes and sizes, as long as you’re kind to her, she’s all yours. Her energy level would best be described as sometimes very lazy and sometimes very active. If you wanna sit there and pet her, she will lap it up. If you want to play a game with her, she’ll be up for that too. Kinda purrrrfect, eh? Litter-box trained and very neat, Mama does her business without ever making a mess. She is respectful with respect to the furniture, she enjoys a restful nap, and she likes gazing out the window. Most of all, she loves being close to her people and being pet, scratched, cuddled and caressed. Mama eats well and gets excited for treats. She’s a low maintenance, friendly, lovable furry creature who will add warmth, love, and joy to anyone’s home. She will make her lucky adopter very, very VERY happy!

Claire
Adult  Female  Medium  Tortoiseshell
Get a load of this 2-year old, 10-pound green-eyed beauty queen! Claire’s stunning looks will first draw you in. But then you’ll see how sweet she is too, and you’ll be completely won over. Claire is terrific around people of all ages, including even the young’ins. She doesn’t much care for other cats, but she’d be fine around another respectful dog. Humans are her thing, and the more time she can spend with them, the happier she is. Claire lovvvves being pet, cuddled, scratched, and massaged. The big mush that she is, she will allow you to pick her up and she’s extremely relaxed being handled. Litter-box trained and super clean, you never have to worry about Claire making a mess. Clean, lean, and tidy! For most of the day, Claire likes to chill out, and then at nighttime, she gets a burst of energy and decides to play. Her favor toys are catnip and a feather thingy. When it’s time for bed, Claire will curl up and sleep through the night like an angel. Claire is the type of cat who will greet you at the door when you come home. She is always excited to see you and she’ll make you feel like a million dollars. When it comes time for food, Claire will astound you with her voracious appetite. Nothing finicky about this one! She is very food motivated and will be the first one to follow you into the kitchen, hoping to score a morsel or two or three. Hey…I smell salmon…drop a piece…NOW! ;-) Claire is an exceptional feline who will bring plenty of love and joy into any cat-adoring household. If you make her part of your family, she will make you her whole entire life.

Cole
Adult  Male  Medium  Gray / Blue / Silver
Look at this guy’s nose!!! Cole is a 6-year old, 7-pound gray-and-white cat with the most precious black spot that sits squarely in the center of his adorable pink nose! Affectionate to the max, Cole is a relaxed kinda dude who loves nothing more than to crawl under the covers with you and curl up into a little ball on your chest. He is super sweet, very people-oriented, and extremely gentle. Terrific around all humans, young and old alike, Cole is a big hit when it comes to people. He is fine around dogs and cats, but isn’t too interested in interacting with them. He goes bonkers for catnip and has a feather toy that has become his favorite object of amusement. He is quite the foodie and eats with gusto. He’s especially fond of treats and isn’t picky about whichever type you offer him. Salmon, chicken, beef - - you pick it, and he’s down for it! Cole is 100% litter-box trained and very respectful of all furniture. He has his playful spurts, but he is more of a mellow fellow who will lounge around the house, take in a nap or two, gaze out the window, or sit on the couch and snuggle up next to you. It’s hard not to fall instantly in love with Cole. He’s got that charm!

Todd
Young  Male  Medium  Buff / Tan / Fawn
?Are you into redheads? Then feast your eyes on this handsome hunk! Todd is a 1-year old, 8 pound cat who lovvvves to be loved! A tad shy at first, once Todd knows it’s safe, he’s all heart. Sweetness to the max, Todd is cuddly, attention-seeking, and full of purrs. He enjoys being pet and even likes belly rubs too! Todd is litter-box trained, a good eater, and an enthusiastic snacker. He gets along well with other respect dogs and cats, but he definitely wouldn’t mind being your one and only. He appreciates quality time with his humans and is very people-oriented, including from the youngest to the oldest. He’s super gentle, highly affectionate, and really likes being touched. In fact, when you stop petting or scratching him, he will adorably tap you to give him some more. Todd has his playful moments and he has his favorite toys, but he’s generally more of a laid back kinda guy. A windowsill to watch the birds, a couch to take in a nap, or a lap to relax in is what he likes most. Todd would make a great companion to anyone looking for a mellow mush-ball to have some fun with, hang out with, and snuggle up to. He’s a real special guy!

Sampson
Young  Male  Small  Black & White / Tuxedo
Here are some facts about Sampson: He’s around a year old, 9 pounds, he’s got a black and white coat, he’s handsome as heck, and he loves being pet in the morning! Fully litter-box trained, Sampson is well-mannered and neat around his litter pan. He grooms himself daily and his fur is beautiful, soft, clean, and shiny. When it comes to food, Sampson goes bonkers over treats…and with gusto, eats a bowl of cooked turkey and pumpkin twice a day. Oh my, quite a sophisticated palate he’s got! Sampson is over-the-top friendly toward other cats, unfazed by dogs, and somewhat timid around humans. He is super sweet, he has lots of kitten energy, and he’s very smart. He actually listens if you say the word stop! A total toy addict, Sampson’s favorite object is a fake mouse. He will chase that silly thing around the house all day long. Not surprisingly, he also likes balls, strings and feathers. Sampson is very friendly and sociable with other cats and will not only play with them, but will cuddle with them too. It’s heartwarming to watch him in action! Sampson’s loving, adorable, winning personality is coming out more and more every day. He just needs a little time and patience around humans to help him reach his true potential. It’ll be well worth it…because HE’S well worth it!

Randall
Young  Male  Medium  Tabby (Brown / Chocolate)
How to handle Randall? Just love him up, give him time to blossom, then watch him grow like a spring flower! This devilishly handsome ?8-month,10-pound tabby is ready to leave the singles scene behind and commit himself to a fuzzy-wuzzy, long term relationship! Litter-box trained and tidy, Randall is a pro with his litter pan and never makes a mess. Not at all finicky, he eagerly gobbles up kitty treats and happily eats two meals a day, a combo of wet and dry food. He isn’t fussy when it comes to toys either…balls, feathers, strings…he goes bonkers for them all. Randall loves playing with other cats, he is oblivious to dogs, and he is shy around humans…but slowing opening up…and what a beautiful thing to watch! He’s curious, cute, playful, and kitten-like…and you can tell he truly WANTS to be a brave boy and enjoy all that life has to offer. This beautiful creature just needs a patient human to show him the way!

Oscar
Adult  Male  Large  Black & White / Tuxedo
He won’t help you pay the rent, but Oscar will make one helluva roommate! This big fella is a 5-ish-year old, 15-pound stunner who is over-the-top sweet, friendly and affectionate towards humans of any age or size. You will always know where Oscar is, because Oscar makes his presence known. He loves to be cuddled and pet, he’s super playful, he’s delightfully entertaining, and at nighttime he’ll be in YOUR bed curled up right next to YOU! Oscar is fully litter-box trained and keeps himself clean as a whistle. He has a squeaky type of meow which is the cutest thing in the world, and he has these gorgeous bedroom eyes that will totally melt  your heart. Oscar needs to be your one and only cat, but with his huge personality, he’ll give you everything…and then some! Whoever winds up with this lover boy will be a very lucky person!

Heathcliff
Young  Male  Medium  Tabby (Orange / Red)
Heathcliff is so handsome! He's a big boy, and the love he has to give matches his size! He will melt in your arms and purr as you hold this sweet orange teddy bear. He was recently abandoned when his family moved out of their home and left him behind. The poor boy wanted to stay in the home with the new owners, but they wouldn't allow it. After almost a year on the streets, his prayers were answered and this sweet boy was saved! And he's a polydactyl cat - he comes with extra toes on all 4 paws! Heathcliff was born around 08/28/2019.

Cannoli
Young  Female  Medium  Tabby (Brown / Chocolate)
Cannoli is a spunky girl. She loves to play with her toys, climb to explore new spots and chase her sister around. She’ll squeak to get your attention to ask for pets or food. She also loves belly rubs and taking naps with her human and sister. She is bonded to her sister Coco and we ask they get adopted together. They were born around 11/20/2021.

Koral
Young  Female  Large  White, Orange & White
Koral was a surrender to the city shelter because the family could no longer keep her.
Koral waited for a home at the shelter but no one scooped her up, so we decided to pull her and help her find the forever home of her dreams. Koral is an absolute, complete and total gem. She may be the easiest cat ever. If purrfect was in the dictionary, her picture would be next to it. If you ever wondered what the sweetest cat in the world looked like, it looks like Koral.
She's just wonderful in every single way. Did I mention, she's perfect? ?? We've had Koral since January 14 and she's been ready for her new family to find her since January 15, lol. She can't wait to sleep on your lap and be part of your loving family. Coral is a very laid back cat. She likes to lounge and peer out the window. She likes to curl up and take long naps. She is very mellow and content with a comfy bed and blanket. Koral is just now starting to play a little and it makes us all laugh, because she mostly just likes to chill. It's so cute to see her batting balls and flying butterflies with great joy. She loves her round tunnel. She will also play with a wand a little, but she isn't not a super playful or energetic cat. Koral would be the most perfect fit for a first time cat owner. She would do great in a home that isn't too chaotic or busy, but one that is more laid back and wants to add an affectionate and sweet lifetime companion.She's just as sweet as can be. Period. We are happy to answer any questions you may have about him, so ask away! Koral is good with children of all ages. Koral is fine with cats but doesn't want a home with hyper ones. She will co exist fine with a laid back cat just like her. Koral is fine with dogs. I am litter trained and use a large covered box made by Nature's Miracle and clumping non scented, dust free litter. You must have one box per cat in the new home if you have additional cats. I eat Purina ONE.

Sugar
Kitten  Female  Medium  Tabby (Gray / Blue / Silver)
Hi there, I'm Sugar! My siblings and I were recently brought into the Shelter after we were found outside someone's house. We're safe here at KAAS and ready to find our forever homes! I'm sweet and affectionate, just like my name implies! I may seem shy when first meeting new people, but I warm up to people pretty quickly. Being only 5 months old, I'm very playful and energetic, too, so lots of toys in my future home would be perfect. Ask about me today!

Orville
Young  Male  Medium  Tabby (Buff / Tan / Fawn)
Hi there, I'm Orville! I'm a super affectionate guy here at the Shelter. If I could get attention 24/7, that'd be the life! I seem to be a pretty easy-going guy, so I should adjust to nearly any type of home just fine! A home that has plenty of toys and activities to keep me busy would be perfect. Ask about me today if you're interested in adopting a cutie like me!

Gatsby
Young  Male  Medium  Black, White
Hey there, I'm Gatsby! I'm a very affectionate guy here at the Shelter; all I want is love and attention! I was in the middle of trying to headbutt the camera lady in my photo! I'm very young, so I still have a lot of energy and playfulness in my system! I don't seem to mind the other kitties here, so I should do okay in a home with other pets. Ask about me today if you're interested in adopting me!

Flynn
Young  Male  Medium  Tabby (Orange / Red), Tabby (Buff / Tan / Fawn)
Hey there! Flynn is my name, and lounging is my game! I'm a pretty laid-back guy here at the Shelter. I'm only about 2 years old, so I'm still young! Once in a home, I'll be sure to be affectionate and playful! Ask about me today if you're interested in adopting me!

Koopa
Young  Male  Medium  Cream Point
Hello there, I'm Koopa! I'm a handsome cream point cat here at the Shelter. I'm a very affectionate guy, and I'd love to find a home that can give me plenty of love and a bunch of toys to bat around! I'm very curious and outgoing - I'd do well in nearly any type of home! Ask about me today if you're interested in adopting me!

Yzma
Kitten  Female  Medium  Tabby (Buff / Tan / Fawn), Calico
Hi friends, I'm Yzma! I'm a cute 7-month-old kitten here at the Shelter. I'm very loving, playful, and affectionate! I'd do well in nearly any type of home as long as I have plenty of toys to keep me busy! Ask about me today if you're interested in adopting me!

Salty
Kitten  Female  Medium  Black & White / Tuxedo
Hi there, I'm Salty! I'm a 3-month-old kitten here at the Shelter. I'm pretty shy and reserved, but I just got here to the Shelter, so it'll just take some time for me to come out of my shell! Staff members and volunteers will be working with me daily to help me become more comfortable. Ask about me today if you're interested in adopting me! *I have a cone on because I was recently spayed. My spay sutures will be removed on 2/10/22.

Spicy
Kitten  Male  Medium  Black
Hi there, I'm Spicy! I'm a 3-month-old kitten here at the Shelter. I'm pretty shy and reserved, but I just got here to the Shelter, so it'll just take some time for me to come out of my shell! Staff members and volunteers will be working with me daily to help me become more comfortable. Ask about me today if you're interested in adopting me!

Sage
Young  Male  Medium  Tabby (Brown / Chocolate)
Hi there, I'm Sage! I'm a handsome 1-year-old kitty here at the Shelter. I can come off as shy when I'm meeting new people, but I adore getting attention once I warm up. My photo may show shorter hair, but my tail has very long, soft hair; I truly am adorable! Ask about me today if you're interested in adopting me!

Ash
Young  Male  Medium  Tabby (Brown / Chocolate)
Hi friends, I'm Ash! I'm a 1-year-old guy here at the Shelter. You can probably tell by my photo, but I'm pretty shy around new people. I do great once I get to know you, but I'd prefer that people take it slow with me when we're first meeting. Once I'm comfortable in my forever home, I'll be sure to make a great companion! Ask about me today if you're interested in adopting me!

Luisa
Young  Female  Medium  Tortoiseshell
Hey there, I'm Luisa! I'm a 2-year-old girl here at the Shelter. I'm very sweet and affectionate, but the coloring of my fur makes me look like I'm frowning! I'm actually very loving and would love a home to snuggle up in. I'm so affectionate that the camera lady had a hard time getting a good photo of me! I can be a bit shy when meeting new people, but I warm up within minutes! Ask about me today if you're interested in adopting me!

Olive
Kitten  Female  Medium  Black
Hi there, I'm Olive! I'm a 5-month-old kitten here at the Shelter. I was brought in as a stray, so my past is unknown. I was too young for adoption when I first got here, so I went to a foster home with some other kitties! My foster mom knows me well. She says that I'm easily spooked by loud noises and quick movements. I'm pretty shy, but I'll come to you when I'm ready for attention! I'm very snuggly and I have a loud purr. I also love to chase cat treats when they're tossed and slide across the floor; I'm quite the kitten! Volunteers and staff members are working with me daily to help me come out of my shell; I'll be amazing once I'm in my forever home! Ask about me today if you're interested in adopting me!

Ciao
Kitten  Male  Medium  Tabby (Gray / Blue / Silver), Tabby (Buff / Tan / Fawn)
Hi friends, I'm Ciao! I'm 4 months old and full of kitten energy. I came to the Shelter when I was very young; I was actually found on the side of the road, but someone saw me and saved me! I've been in a foster home with other kittens growing up, but now I'm ready to find my forever home. My foster mom says I'm pretty relaxed for a kitten. I love having my belly rubbed and I'll roll on my back to let you know. I'm not always a fan of being held, but I sure do enjoy attention. I can be shy around new people, but who isn't? I love napping in the sun and I always snuggled up with my other foster kitten friends. Be sure to ask about me today if you're interested in adopting me!

Amaretto
Young  Female  Medium  Calico
Hey there, I'm Amaretto! I'm only 2 years old, so I'm still pretty young. I came to the Shelter as a stray from the police department, so nothing about my past is known. When I first came to the Shelter, I was very shy and uneasy around people; the Shelter was worried that I was feral! Now that a few weeks have gone by, I'm as sweet as ever! I give kisses to people, and some staff members even enjoy holding me. I can still be shy around new people, but if you give me some time, I really come around. Ask about me today if you're interested in adopting me!

Kuzco
Young  Male  Medium  Cream / Ivory, Gray / Blue / Silver, Tabby (Buff / Tan / Fawn)
Hi there, I'm Kuzco! I'm 4 years old and full of love. I really enjoy being petted, and I seem to be a pretty laid-back guy. I came to the Shelter as a stray, so nothing about my past is known. Upon arrival to the Shelter, my teeth were in poor shape, so I had multiple teeth pulled. I only have 2 bottom teeth left, so for the next month or so, I'll need to be eating soft pate food. This is something that the Shelter staff will explain at adoption! Ask about me today if you're interested in adopting a handsome fellow like me!

Badger
Kitten  Male  Medium  Black, White
Hi there, I'm Badger! I'm nearly 3 months old and full of energy. My siblings and I were brought to the Shelter as stray kittens, so nothing about my past is known. I'm very playful and rambunctious, so I'd prefer to find a home where I can run and play instead of being snuggled! The older I get, the more affectionate I should become. Ask about me today if you're interested in adopting me!

Dancer
Young  Female  Small  Buff / Tan / Fawn
Hello! My name is Dancer! I am a small gal here at the shelter. I came in as a stray, so my past is unknown. I did come in FIV positive, meaning my immune system isn't as strong as it should be! My LVT guesses that I got it from a bite when I was on the street as a stray, or it may have been passed onto me from my mother if she was FIV positive. If you have any questions about FIV and what it means to have it, feel free to ask any of the staff! I can still live a long, happy, fulfilling life with FIV; my future home will just need to be sure I have a good relationship with my veterinarian to ensure I stay healthy. I am a very playful cat, and I would really like a home with plenty of love and attention! Be sure to ask about me today if you're interested in adopting me!

Frazzle
Young  Male  Medium  Buff & White
Hi there, I'm Frazzle! I'm only about a year old, so I'm still pretty young. I'm very shy and nervous around new people, so staff members and volunteers are going to work with me a lot to socialize me! I can be a bit hissy at first, but it'll just take some time for me to come around. I could potentially make a good barn cat for someone, but if I'm adopted and released immediately outdoors, I'll be sure to run away. It'll take some time for me to acclimate to a new environment! If you're interested in adopting me, be sure to meet me and see what you think!

Tilly
Young  Female  Small  Tabby (Orange / Red)
Hey there, I'm Tilly! I'm a pretty 1-year-old gal here at the Shelter. I was adopted out as a kitten and I've recently been returned due to a change in lifestyle by my previous owners. I'm now back at KAAS to find my forever home! Since being returned, I've been very uneasy and nervous. It's going to take a few weeks for me to adjust to this new environment, but staff members and volunteers will be working with me to help me out! I can be pretty hissy when I'm uncomfortable, so staff members would like to find me a home with no children under the age of 10 just so I can relax more. This may change in the future once I'm more comfortable here! I'm also front declawed, so keep that in mind if you'd like to adopt me. Ask about me today!

Cheezit
Kitten  Male  Medium  Tabby (Orange / Red)
Hi I'm Cheezit! I was brought into the Kearney Area Animal Shelter as a small kitten and spent a lot of my time in a foster home. Now I'm all grown up and ready to find my forever home! I'm a year old, but I still have a lot of play and energy in me. I like to snuggle and show lots of affection, too. I'd love to go home to another feline friend to help keep me entertained; I've always been with other kitties, so staying social would be great for me! Ask about me today if you're interested in adopting me!

Rally
Senior  Male  Medium  Buff / Tan / Fawn
Rally is a lovely senior boy who would like a quiet home with a warm lap & good food.

Archibald
Young  Male  Large  Tabby (Orange / Red)
Archibald is one of the sweetest & lovable kitties that you will ever meet. He also loves to play & has a good sense of humor. Archibald does not care for dogs.

Smudge 
Adult  Male  Medium  Black, Tabby (Brown / Chocolate), White
Smudge and Grayson are litter mates. Their elderly owner was no longer able to care for them. The cats have actually lived in a garage since they were young; their owner did care for them, but didn’t want them in the house. They are a little shell-shocked now and are bonded and want to be adopted together.




